And meeting people is an asset that you'll have or you can't, or you can get it someplace else, but you can tell the people that go to A&M when you walk in a room.
And in our day, we had to stand up to meet everybody and you'll still see people, you'll know where they went and about what class years they were when they stand up to meet somebody or whether they were in the Corps or not primarily because we had to do that and people say, you don't have to stand up.
Well, I do have to stand up because that's the way I was taught to meet people, you know.
So it's just a, you learn everything about life.
I had a friend,
that was head of the highway department that told me that his degree only got him the job with the highway department.
What he learned at A&M is what got him the head job at the highway department.
Raymond Stotcher was his name.
What is it that creates this strong feeling about the school, this Aggie spirit?
What creates that?
I'm going to tell you.
I don't know what creates it, but I can tell you what it is.
We never graduate.
Think about that.
We're still part of this deal.
We're still part of this school, and we never graduate.
Are there some event?
We get a diploma.
We do a lot of things, and we go to work, but we never graduate.
Are there some events that are very important in creating these strong feelings?
Well, sure.
What are they?
The muster is one, of course, and the silver taps is one, of course, and the camaraderie with your roommate, the camaraderie with the different areas that you spend time in.
The people today, they're in Escona, so to speak, which we didn't have, which is fine.
the people that work in that to get these other kids here.
There's got to be a camaraderie there that binds them to the school.
It's being on the student senate.
You know, the leadership they learn and the politics and so forth and just the whole nine yards because we, the student body pretty well governs themselves around here.
You do things or you get places because of your peers, not because the administration or because somebody likes you or because you have money or because you don't have money.
It may have changed a little bit when they brought in this Greek thing and all of that, but still, I think even they have some loyalty back to the school.
But if you were a consultant to Texas A&M's leadership today,
about what A&M should or should not do in the future.
What advice would you give them?
About their leadership today?
Well, no.
You're advising the key decision makers about what A&M should or should not do in the future.
What would you tell them to keep doing or not do?
Well, they, I think I would have to tell them they need to keep, I'll say the core because of the leadership qualities.
But you get leadership qualities in other areas of this place also.
As I just pointed out, the students sent it to lead that to be the president of the student body or a class officer or something.
But those things they need to maintain, and they need to maintain the spirit.
I don't know how you do that.
My friend says the spirit of Texas A&M was not born in English 103, but on Kyle Field, you know.
So I don't know, that's, I could probably think of some others.
Would you have any thoughts about how large the student body be or how selective admissions ought to be or?
Well, I'll tell you what I think.
I think that the student body is probably large enough right now.
But I also think that we're getting away from the good old solid C student.
And this school was built on the solid C student.
because probably 90% of the C students are working A and B students.
If you really got out and looked at those who own their own companies now, if you went back and checked their record, there may be one or two that were just, but if we were trying to, how would we identify those students with that potential?
How could we identify them?
I don't know that.
I don't have an answer to that, by the way.
Well, I don't either really.
It's just, well, the ones that I would say, well, you'd have to have just average SATs and average this and average that, you know.
They can make it, I think, if they come up here.
But are there any academic areas that we ought to start or to stop?
Well, don't get me off on that.
I'm not into liberal arts, I'll tell you that, so, and I don't want to hurt your feelings.
The thing that gets, I think we're getting away from the land-grant school, and I think we're getting away from what we were put here for.
There's other schools around the country that have great, outstanding music, liberal arts.
They've been in a hundred years.
And just to put us in it so we can be someplace, which we already are, if you ask anybody in,
Arabia and oil companies over there, the Aggies that are running the place, the Aggies that are running the Panama Canal, I think the head man and seven out of the twenty that run it are A&M graduates.
You know, it's, we're all over the world already in a world-class university, you know.
See, I tell people, if we would start in the fine arts, in music and the fine arts now,
in 30 years we could be as good as North Texas was 30 years ago.
I believe that.
You know, but so that's just, and that's just a pet peeve.
I'm sure they know what they're doing.
I'm not into that, so.
If you, if someone walked up to you and gave you a check for a million dollars,
But you had, one of the commitments you had to make was to pass that money on to A&M.
If you could make a major gift, personal gift to A&M, for what purpose, for what use would you want that money?
Well, it would be, I would say at least half of it would probably go to the Corps for Corps scholarships.
And then,
Probably into engineering or.
How do you select the recipients?
If you were making the choices.
Oh.
Well, on the core scholarships.
Either one.
Is it just by luck?
Put a name out of the hand?
It could be.
No.
We'd have to take some high school grades, of course, but also on family ties, I guess, to the school or people that want to come.
We really need to find two people that really want to come here.
See, I've often said,
To what former students, faculty, advisors, to what people from your A&M student years do you feel deep feelings of gratitude?
Who in those years helped you in whatever way?
Hmm.
Were there some events where you now realize that was a key event while you were a student?
Well, Dr. Groneman was very important to me.
And people in my department there, Dr. Groneman and Dr. Boone, were very important too.
That's Jim Boone.
James.
James, yeah.
Yeah.
And also Dr. The Big Man, big guy in industrial technology.
What was his name?
We'll get it later.
Anyway, he helped me a lot and
Who else?
Dean Benson.
I thought the world and all of him, and he was just a good person that I knew.
Did you have any classes with him by chance?
No, I didn't.
I just... Did you have any with Graneman?
Yes.
What was he like as a teacher?
He was okay.
He was a little loose, you know, but he was okay.
He was good.
He taught us.
We learned what we needed to know.
Let's see, you mentioned McGuire earlier.
Was he?
Dean McGuire.
He's the guy that let me in and that helped me through the first...
semester or two.
But he really, really did me good.
Were there some buddies that were important in helping you become what you are?
Well, Warris and
I'm having a mental blank now, it's getting too late.
Herbie.
Oh.
That's after you, after I got out.
Yeah, yeah.
But they helped me considerably and who else?
There were some, well.
Well, that's about all.
All right.
Now, I've only got one more question.
Have we left anything out that you might have thought of that we were going to talk about?
I don't think so.
All right.
Then my last question is, what feelings do you carry in your heart about Texas A&M today?
Well, great feelings.
Just outstanding feelings.
worked here, retired here, still give money.
Why?
Why do you feel that way?
Just because I haven't graduated.
I'm still a part of this deal.
I put a lot of life into this place.
During my five years with the former students taking care of all the A&M clubs, I had a chance to meet all the deans, most of the professors, taking them to club meetings.
We started, as you recall, in 70, 71, the counselors program.
Well, I was in charge of all of that, so I set up all those meetings with the alumni
Took the airplanes full of the deans and the administration.
So I've had a great part in the structure and the former students and the 12th Man Foundation.
They were raising $250,075 when I went there and $2 million when I left.
So I put a lot of work into this place and I want it to progress.
I want it to get better and I hate it when people don't do good.